docs: fix typo (#3062)
nuxt/framework: docs/content/2.concepts/2.rendering.md

### Cons

- **Development constraints:** Server and browser environments don't provide the same APIs, and it can be tricky to write code that can run on both sides seamlessly. Fortunately, Nuxt provides guidelines and specific variables to help you determine where a piece of code is executed.

> - **Cost:** In order to server-render pages on the fly, a server needs to run. This adds a monthly cost like any traditional server. However, the server calls are highly reduced thanks to universal rendering with the browser taking over on client-side navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Cost:** In order to server render pages on the fly, a server needs to run. This adds a monthly cost like any traditional server. However, the server calls are highly reduced thanks to universal rendering with the browser taking over on client-side navigation.
```

Traditionally, server-side and universal rendering was only possible using Node.js. Nuxt 3 takes it to another level by directly rendering code in CDN edge workers, reducing latency and costs.

> Nitro is the new [server engine](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/concepts/server-engine) that powers Nuxt 3. It offers cross-platform support for Node.js, Deno, Workers, and more. Nitro design is platform agnostic and allows to render a Nuxt application at the edge: closer to your users, allowing replication and further optimizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nitro is the new [server engine](https://v3.nuxtjs.org/concepts/server-engine) that powers Nuxt 3. It offers cross-platform support for Node.js, Deno, Workers, and more. Nitro's design is platform-agnostic and allows rendering a Nuxt application at the edge, closer to your users, allowing replication and further optimizations.
```
